ah
and
considers erectile dysfunction as a
lower endothelial disease
vascular as it speaks of reality
coronary or accident
cerebrovascular everything we do
emphasis is on improving the quality of
life and neurological diseases
They have a strong impact on quality
of life of all patients and may leave
cognitive physical sequelae and
emotional with my name in our
I am a doctor urologist and I am a
charge of the neurology section in
ineba neurology is a branch of the
biology that has been born in recent years
very strongly and as a necessity already
that many neurological patients
present symptoms and
complications of the urinary system that
represent important deteriorations in the
quality of life these patients when
quality questionnaires are made
life you see the impact so important that
has the urinary system and the
sexuality in the lives of these patients
the ball can contact us for a
demotivation due to lack of sexual desire
or also being the desire for
Erection disorders
for disorders in ejaculation
neurological diseases can affect
sexuality not only for a
physical problem but in many cases by
the emotional charge they produce
really the psychological impact of
diagnosis of a disease
neurological on the patient and on the
eventual couple and the means in which the
patient lives will be very important
us in the anamnesis what we do
is to talk about the sexual history of
patient and the patient before the report
of the diagnosis of neurological form
has a sexual history
the couple got divorced or they have a
previous sexual life we ​​shall
evaluate it and on top of that good for
Of course, like any medical act, we will go to
the neurological patient itself to others
concomitant diseases medications
I'm taking or I can be
affecting your sex life and between
main organic causes that can
produce ED
find diabetes hypertension
arterial cardiovascular disease or
the elevated cholesterol and in the case
of neurological patients if
we try to work on that
self-esteem trying to get them back
to the sex life they had before
tried to demystify because
generally the myths are that the
external patients neurological patients
or for some patients with
disabilities are a sexed or that
it is not important that the important thing is
another thing and really are patients that
they have feelings that need love
that they have wishes that they have
fantasies and therefore it is important
to recover then the dysfunction today
Erectile is treatable at any age yet
in patients with diseases
neurological of course that the
pharmacological treatment today is great
fundamentally helps the derivatives
we started the servers of the 5
phosphodiesterase leads sildenafil
vardenafil and tadalafil which is the
known that I have come to help us
very much especially the patients with
erectile dysfunction of neurological origin
they cover young boys who have a
difficulty to lengthen them to achieve
erection due to high hand
logical euro and that really has a
very good response
the end of nafin multiple sclerosis
parkinson's disease epilepsy
and the cerebrovascular attacks
frequent cause dysfunctions
but more and more men
are encouraged to ask for help to have a
full sexual life the important thing is that
we are going to have to confront the patient
with your current diagnosis with your
expectations with your wishes and
fundamentally with recovering those
desire to return to the sexual life